ui.inventory.opencrafting=Open Crafting
ui.inventory.closecrafting=Close Crafting

ui.inventory.title=Inventory
ui.crafting.title=Crafting

item.stick=Stick
item.blueberry=Blueberry
item.flint_pickaxe=Flint Pickaxe
item.flint_axe=Flint Axe
item.iron_pickaxe=Iron Pickaxe
item.iron_axe=Iron Axe
item.grassfiber=Grass Fiber
item.flint_shovel=Flint Shovel
item.floor_grass=Grass Floor
item.floor_sand=Sand Floor
item.floor_dirt=Dirt Floor
item.op_shovel=Admin Shovel
item.flint=Flint
item.worm=Worm
item.cord=Weak Cord
item.rock=Rock
item.oak_log=Oak Log
item.acorn=Acorn
item.mushroom_red=Red Mushroom
item.mushroom_brown=Brown Mushroom
item.oak_plank=Oak Wood Plank
item.mushroom_glowing=Glowing Mushroom
item.flint_scythe=Flint Scythe
item.wheat=Wheat
item.wheat_seeds=Wheat Seeds
item.maggot=Maggot
item.fence_stick=Stick Fence
item.oak_plank_floor=Oak Plank Floor
item.birch_log=Birch Log
item.oak_plank_wall=Oak Plank Wall
item.crate=Crate
item.carrot=Carrot
item.coal=Coal
item.dirt=Dirt
item.sand=Sand
item.torch=Torch
item.rock_wall=Stone Wall
item.dirt_wall=Dirt Wall
item.insect_net=Insect Net
item.firefly=Firefly
item.crab_meat_raw=Raw Crab Meat
item.sign=Sign
item.wood_club=Wooden Club
item.flint_dagger=Flint Knife
item.campfire=Campfire
item.hedge_wall=Hedge Wall
item.aloe_vera=Aloe Vera Leaf
item.bandage=Bandage
item.aloe_vera_seeds=Aloe Vera Seeds
item.lilypad=Lilypad
item.bomb=Bomb
item.nuke=Nuke terrible fortune
item.iron_raw=Iron Chunk
item.iron_shovel=Iron Shovel
item.sunflower_seeds=Sunflower Seeds
item.sunflower=Sunflower
item.throwable_rock=Throwable Rock
item.chest=Chest
item.magnet_helmet=Magnet Helmet
item.tulip_red=Red Tulip
item.tulip_orange=Orange Tulip
item.starfish=Starfish